[nextion] Add configurable startup and queue timeout constants (#5454)
OttoWinter/esphomedocs: content/components/display/nextion.md

- **auto_wake_on_touch** (*Optional*, boolean): If set to `true`, the Nextion will be configured to wake from sleep
  when touched.

> - **max_queue_age** (*Optional*, int): Maximum age in milliseconds for queued commands before they are automatically

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **max_queue_age** (*Optional*, [Time](/guides/configuration-types#time)): Maximum age in milliseconds for queued commands before they are automatically
```

  removed. This helps prevent stale commands from being executed after delays. Set to ``0`` to disable age-based
  removal (commands are only limited by queue size). **Note:** Very low values (e.g., <50ms) may cause commands
  to be dropped before transmission due to ESPHome's loop timing (~16ms). Recommended minimum is 100ms when enabled.
  Range: 0-65535. Defaults to ``8000`` (8 seconds).

> - **startup_override_ms** (*Optional*, int): Time in milliseconds to wait before forcing the display to be marked as ready

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **startup_override_ms** (*Optional*, [Time](/guides/configuration-types#time)): Time in milliseconds to wait before forcing the display to be marked as ready
```
